docs: Add `cloud`, Refine Enhanced Backends and Workspaces (#29947)
hashicorp/terraform: website/docs/language/settings/backends/remote.html.md

# remote

-> **Note:** With the release of Terraform v1.1.0, we recommend using the Terraform Cloud's built-in
[`cloud` integration](/docs/language/settings/terraform-cloud/index.html) instead of this backend.
The `cloud` option includes an improved user experience and more features.

-> **Note:** This backend is unique among all other Terraform backends in that it has the ability to
execute operations for Terraform Cloud's [CLI-driven run workflow](/docs/cloud/run/cli.html), rather

> than only store state snapshots. This has been previously referred to as being 'enhanced' backend
> behavior. Due to confusion about this specific distinction, this terminology has been retired.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
than only store state snapshots. (The documentation used to refer to this as "enhanced" backend
behavior, but it's simpler to describe it as a quirk of the `remote` backend.)
```

A three-high stack of "Note:" callouts is a bit tall; I'm fine with it for now, but we might also look to turn the "remote = special" one into a subsection below.

Terraform operations such as `plan` and `apply` executed against that Terraform
CLI workspace will be executed in the Terraform Cloud workspace `networking-prod`.

Additionally, the [`terraform.workspace`](/docs/language/state/workspaces.html#referencing-the-current-workspace-name)

> expression shouldn't be used in Terraform configurations that use Terraform 1.0.x or earlier and run

Author: This continues to be true with the remote backend _even after_ 1.1+. Bringing in TF versions in this doc I think is confusing, it's like you're saying in 1.1+ this consideration is fixed (it's not!)
